Orta - An Overlay for Real Time Applications
--------------------------------------------

For licensing information, please read ./LICENSE

For general information on the protocol, please see
http://sdstrowes.co.uk/publications/sdstrowes-orta.pdf

This work was the product of my Masters year at the Computing Science
department of the University of Glasgow, Scotland, between September
2004 and June 2005.

The code presented in this distribution implements the Orta protocol,
which has been submitted to IEEE Infocom 2006 for review [1]. The
code here is not identical to that submitted as part of my
dissertation, but is instead a slightly modified version of the code
-- code structure is slightly more logical, but the core functionality
is exactly as was submitted.

Feel free to use this code as you wish. I'd be very interested in
hearing about potential uses for the code and/or the protocol, ideas
for further work on the protocol, and indeed patches to fix bugs
(there are likely to be many, as this was my first coding project
using the C language which was more than a trivial several-line
exercise).

The code is essentially provided "as-is". I've tested on a variety of
Linux systems, and tested previous code on FreeBSD 5.4-RELEASE (i.e.:
if this release does not compile on FreeBSD, it wouldn't take much
effort to make it compile...). Due to various work/life commitments,
the support I can offer on the code is obviously limited, but do feel
free to contact me if you have problems.

--
Stephen Strowes, sds@dcs.gla.ac.uk, 2005.


--
REFERENCES

[1] S. Strowes, C. S. Perkins, "Orta - an Overlay for Real Time
Applications", available at
http://sdstrowes.co.uk/publications/sdstrowes-orta.pdf
